m
we will make them suffer
very far from here there is a world
inhabited by beautiful and elegant
winged creatures with the gift of the
immortality in which an
ancestral conflict this has divided into
two sides to the great family of
angels whose ancestors remained
united since time immemorial
one of the sides of this conflict is
characterized by considering themselves
beings of perfect order of justice
struggling to unify the world under
its law and powerful centralized government
however others consider it tyrants
creatures unable to see beyond
his own eyes that would sacrifice their
individualism and freedom for a
illusion of efficacy and safety
Morgana was one of the many
they fought against what she considered
the tyranny of their kind and by
this reason was considered by the angel
fallen
Morgana was not innocent he had found
ways to obtain prohibited powers and
thus become a powerful warrior
of the dark arts
I did it driven by his obsession with
defeat the general of the rival army
his sister
tyler
although both were sisters of birth
who struck the first blow at
reject any faith they slept with
bolt wins when she refused to join
its cause
with urban time he got the power
enough not only to achieve your
level but even to challenge to
caylee
but when the time was coming that
both are intact in what could be
his last fight as ghana was
invoked value before
at the beginning morgana made a deal
when the importers of the league to
fight in exchange for more anger
but after the arrival of kyle in the league
now morgan and fight in the league
legends because you want by
enjoy the privilege of being able to
destroy your sister again and again
he quietly waited for the day when he
not the one you see with some with the
war academy
that day he plans to finish with trailers of
Once for all